CASMTRIAGE-7081 Update Access_the_Keycloak_User_Management_UI.md (#5159)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/security_and_authentication/Access_the_Keycloak_User_Management_UI.md

1. Point a browser at `https://auth.cmn.SYSTEM_DOMAIN_NAME/keycloak/`, replacing `SYSTEM_DOMAIN_NAME` with the actual NCN's DNS name. Use of the `auth.cmn.` sub-domain is required for administrative access to Keycloak.

    The following is an example URL for a system: `https://auth.cmn.system1.us.cray.com/keycloak/`
  

>     The value of `SYSTEM_DOMAIN_NAME` for a given cluster is obtained as in example below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The value of `SYSTEM_DOMAIN_NAME` for a given cluster is obtained as shown in the following example:
```
